Come on, Kiki, you see that you like sweet potatoes the most.
Dad, I'm home for Chinese New Year, and my mom blocked me.
Why don't you give him a call and tell him to go home?
Hello dad
I've been waiting outside for five hours
When will my mom be back?
It's still freezing outside
Oops, your mom has something to do at a friend's house today
Can't come back for the time being
The dishes cooked by the couple's aunt are so fragrant, come and eat
Hey let me tell you
You find a hotel for a few days
Xiao Yang is fine, don't call me, okay?
Aunt and uncle are in good health and all the best
Touch one, come on, come on
Hahahaha
Eat fast, eat well, it's so hot
My aunt loves me very much
He said he didn't want to go home and get back together
Just want to be with me
It's what you call passing by again
I really hope you guys don't come back until after Chinese New Year.
So you can see me
Dead body
I wish my aunt and uncle good health and all the best.
Touch a good one
Look at him.
You-you shouldn't have given up on treatment
If you give up now, the cancer will spread rapidly
In less than three months, I will
Mr. Chen
I won't eat it.
My mother still wants to wait for me to come home for Chinese New Year
I want to spend my last days with her
Mom and Dad
I forgive you.
I only allowed you to have me for half a month